I'm really tempted to satirize some
other YouTube channels now when it break
down we think and say that I've been
lying to you and I've been keeping
something from you my my precious
viewers my beloved audience but I went
to gym today and I got one of the big
plates one of the tete 20 kilogram
plates and I put it on the scale because
the scale of my gym at the last time I
checked was way the hell off and this
time the scale was deadly accurate they
measured a 20 kilogram weight at exactly
20 homers so there is the possibility
that the last time I did that months and
months ago the scale was accurate but
that the particular weight I used was
fraudulent because some of these
unscrupulous Fitness companies here in
China they try to make more money by
using less steel than is absolutely
necessary
so you think you're buying 20 kilograms
but you only get eighty kilograms this
kind of thing so guys for a long time I
have been posting that I weigh 100
kilograms or over 100 kilograms and
apparently I've been living a lie my
weight has in fact dropped to only 94
kilograms so if you want to unsubscribe
from the channel if you want to quit
supporting me on patreon I'll understand
but not only have I not been trying to
lose weight I felt a little bit proud
just that number 100 being and being in
the triple digits I felt proud that I
was a hundred kilograms but apparently I
have been withering away to a mirror 94
kilograms and I didn't even notice a
bonus yen ah ba Luo Yin